In the RoboCop league, a bot designated as Cop is supposed to catch the bot designated as thief.
In the fixture of Zeus and Kratos, Kratos is the cop and Zeus is thief.

Team Zeus has a spy in team Kratos. So they know that Kratos' bot has a maximum speed of 160 km/hr.
However, Zeus does not want to drive his bot any faster than necessary.

Map of Robocop consists of a N intersections, M roads (of different lengths) and E exits.
It will always be possible to travel from any intersection to any other intersection.
Roads are only connected at intersection points. Roads can be used in both directions but there cannot be more 
than one road between two intersections.

The two cars start simultaneously and can accelerate/decelerate instantaneously at any time to any speed below or 
equal to its maximum speed.
They can also change roads at intersections or direction anywhere on a road instantaneously no matter what speed 
they are traveling at

Once Zeus has reached any of the E exits, it wins.
If Zeus and Kratos ever end up at same point , Kratos wins.

Print the minimum speed in km/hr at which Zeus should drive his bot, in order to win.
Or print IMPOSSIBLE if it not possible to escape.

Input Format :
	1. The first line of the input consists of three integers N, M and E.
	2. Then follow M lines, each consisting of three integers a, b, l. Describing a road of length l hundred 
	   meters from intersection a to intersection b
	3. Then follow E lines, describing which intersections are connected to highway exits. 
	4. Finally there is a line with two integers b and p, describing the intersections where the brothers and 
	   the police cars start, respectively.

Output Format :
	1.The minimal speed in km/h required to escape or the word IMPOSSIBLE if it is impossible.
	Print your output Your answer will be considered correct if its absolute error is less than 10^(-6).

Constraints :
	 2 ≤ n ≤ 100
	 1 ≤ m ≤ 5000
	 1 ≤ e ≤ n
	 1 ≤ a < b ≤ n
	 1 ≤ l ≤ 100
	 1 ≤ b, p ≤ n and b != p
 
 Sample Input 1:
3 2 1
1 2 7
2 3 8
1
3 2

Sample output 1 :
IMPOSSIBLE

Sample Input 2:
 3 2 1
1 2 7
2 3 8
1
2 3

Sample output 2
74.666666
